Let's talk about why data streaming is important.
The world around us has become filled with
opportunities to gain valuable streams of data.
Let's take a video streaming platform, for example,
in a simple process of watching a video,
the average person generates and consumes various types of data.
The actual video feed is itself a data stream,
sending thousands of frames per minute in small network packets.
Like the network packets,
most streams are composed of small application messages,
as user logging into view their favorite TV series will
present their online profile as they log in to the website.
Then several events take place that make
their video available for viewing in the browser,
hopping on their cell phone to take the rest of the video on the road,
the mobile app will send device messages to catch up to the previously played frame.
All of the messages both created and consumed in this process of viewing
videos can be aggregated and used to recommend future video selections to the user.
A brief analogy to data streaming is a real stream or river,
what we are trying to do with data streaming is
capture the streaming data directly from the stream.